Add Bidirectional mount in Cilium DaemonSet (#16656)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/operations/system_requirements.rst

            # mount | grep /sys/fs/bpf
            $ # if present should output, e.g. "none on /sys/fs/bpf type bpf"...

This step is **required for production** environments but optional for testing
and development. It allows the ``cilium-agent`` to pin eBPF resources to a

> persistent filesystem and make them persistent across restarts of the agent.

Reviewer: The explanations, `It allows...`, could be kept?

            # mount | grep /sys/fs/bpf
            $ # if present should output, e.g. "none on /sys/fs/bpf type bpf"...

If the eBPF filesystem is not mounted in the host filesystem, Cilium will
automatically mount the filesystem.

> Mounting this BPF filesystem it allows the ``cilium-agent`` to persist eBPF

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Mounting this BPF filesystem allows the ``cilium-agent`` to persist eBPF
```

> Mounting this BPF filesystem it allows the ``cilium-agent`` to pin eBPF
> resources to a persistent filesystem and make them persistent across restarts of
> the agent.

Reviewer 3: The wording here stutters a bit with `persistent`, I think this might help give a bit more context?

```suggestion
Mounting this BPF filesystem it allows the ``cilium-agent`` to persist eBPF
resources across restarts of the agent so that the datapath can continue to
operate while the agent is subsequently restarted or upgraded.
```
